Refactor installation docs (#850)
kubeapps/kubeapps: chart/kubeapps/README.md

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

> Once you have installed Kubeapps follow the [Getting Started Guide](../docs/user/getting-started.md) for additional information on how to access and use Kubeapps.

Reviewer: oh, this should be an absolute URL as this README can be rendered elsewhere (e.g. https://hub.kubeapps.com/charts/bitnami/kubeapps)

> **NOTE**: If you delete the CRD for `apprepositories.kubeapps.com` it will delete the repositories for **all** the installed instances of `kubeapps`. This will break existing installations of `kubeapps` if they exist.

> If you have dedicated a namespace only for Kubeapps you can completely clean remaining completed/failed jobs or any stale resources deleting the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have dedicated a namespace only for Kubeapps you can completely clean remaining completed/failed jobs or any stale resources by deleting the namespace
```

helm init --service-account tiller
```

It is also possible, though less common, that your cluster does not have Role Based Access Control (RBAC) enabled. To check if your cluster has RBAC you can execute:

```console
$ kubectl api-versions
```

If the above command does not include entries for `rbac.authorization.k8s.io` you should perform the chart installation by setting `rbac.create=false`:

```console
$ helm install --name kubeapps --namespace kubeapps bitnami/kubeapps --set rbac.create=false
```

### Error while upgrading the Chart

> It is possible that when upgrading Kubeapps an error appears. That can be caused by a breaking change in the new chart or because the current chart installation is in an inconsistent state. If you find issues upgrading Kubeapps you can follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible that when upgrading Kubeapps an error appears. That can be caused by a breaking change in the new chart or because the current chart installation is in an inconsistent state. If you find issues upgrading Kubeapps you can follow these steps:
```

> Note: This steps assume that you have installed Kubeapps in the namespace `kubeapps` using the name `kubeapps`. If that is not the case replace the command with your namespace and/or name.

1.  (Optional) Backup your personal repositories (if you have any):

```console
kubectl get apprepository --namespace kubeapps -o yaml <repo name> > <repo name>.yaml
```

2.  Delete Kubeapps:

```console
helm del --purge kubeapps
```

3.  (Optional) Delete the App Repositories CRD:

> **Warning**: Don't execute this step if you have more than one Kubeapps installation in your cluster.

```console
kubectl delete crd apprepositories.kubeapps.com
```

4.  (Optional) Clean the Kubeapps namespace:

> > **Warning**: Don't execute this step if you use the `kubeapps` namespace for something else apart than Kubeapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: Don't execute this step if you have workloads other than Kubeapps in the `kubeapps` namespace.
```

```console
kubectl delete namespace kubeapps
```

> 5.  Install the latest version of Kubeapps (using any custom modification you need):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Install the latest version of Kubeapps (using any custom modifications you need):
```

```console
helm repo update
helm install --name kubeapps --namespace kubeapps bitnami/kubeapps
```

> 6.  (Optional) If you backed up any repository in the first step restore it executing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  (Optional) Restore any repositories you backed up in the first step:
```

```console
kubectl apply -f <repo name>.yaml
```

> After that you should be able to access to the new version of Kubeapps. If the above doesn't work for you or you find any trouble please open an issue in the Kubeapps repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that you should be able to access the new version of Kubeapps. If the above doesn't work for you or you run into any other issues please open an [issue](https://github.com/kubeapps/kubeapps/issues/new).
```

helm init --service-account tiller
```

It is also possible, though less common, that your cluster does not have Role Based Access Control (RBAC) enabled. To check if your cluster has RBAC you can execute:

```console
$ kubectl api-versions
```

> If the above command does not include entries for `rbac.authorization.k8s.io` you should perform the chart installation by setting `rbac.create=false`:

Reviewer: If this is the case, why do we need the `rbac.create` parameter? Couldn't we just conditionally create the RBAC resources if the API exists using the Helm capabilities object? Not saying we should change it, just wondering.

Reviewer: Hmm what do you mean?

Author: if we have a condition:

```
{{- if (.Capabilities.APIVersions.Has "rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1") -}}
```

and the version changes to `v2` we may not notice.

Reviewer: Although in that case we might need to rewrite the RBAC rules anyway right?

```console
$ helm install --name kubeapps --namespace kubeapps bitnami/kubeapps --set rbac.create=false
```

> ### Upgrade process fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error while upgrading the Chart
```

It is possible that when upgrading Kubeapps an error appears. Something like:

```console

> Error: configmaps "kubeapps-internal-apprepository-jobs-bootstrap" already exists

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should put this in the current chart readme now that the bootstrap job is no longer there. We have the migration guide, so I think it might be enough. What do you think? cc @migmartri

Reviewer: Yeah, let's remove the specific error message
